Professional Snapshot

Motivated, Skilled and Highly professional individual with 3+ years of experience in RMG function. Currently exploring opportunities in resource management role to utilize my skills and expertise in organizations that offer growth opportunities. A through professional, having rich experience of overall 12 years across industries handling various role and responsibilities. Currently working in Quality kiosk as a resource management senior executive. Highly Skilled in below skillset:

Forecasting & planning for future demands and facilitating training to ensure resource readiness to meet demands.

Adept in Tracking and closing current open requirements and updating online demand tracker on daily basis.

 Ensuring the MIS get published as per defined frequency to key stake-holders.

Adept in working with multi-functional team. A key bridge between department head, project head, Project management team and Talent acquisition for ensuring fulfillment of resource requirement. 

Providing analysis around key matrices such availability, utilization and open demand status and identifying issues and trend.

Planning and Allocation, Assess Availability, Utilizing resources effectively.

Preparing Bench resource report and tracking Ramp down data effectively.

Publishing RAS data , Account management data, Demand validation data, managing Subcon resource for short term project at BU level.

A dynamic Six sigma certified & ITIL trained professional with 12 years of rich experience in handling Quality management & resource management with key focus on optimal utilization of resources.  

Strong relationship management skills with Project Managers / Resources. 

Strong analytical skills and responsible for maintaining several MIS for tracking different metrices.

An effective leader with excellent relationship building skills with cross functional teams. 

Key Business SkillS



Strategy Planning

Resource Fulfilment

Bench Management

Team Management

Escalation Management

Documentation and Artefacts creation

Skill inventory

Excel and Power-point

Resource management.

Demand projection & Fulfillment planning.

Managing training requirement basis internal demand and future projection

Vendor Management – Onboarding & Policy adherence.

Defining Process and Procedure to implement ITIL standard

Ensuring timely and satisfactory complaint resolution. 

Adept in relationship management with all stake holders.

Expert in managing MIS and senior management presentation.

Timely updation of data management system(QUEST)

Professional Experience	3 years in RMG + 9 years in Manufacturing				

Quality kiosk                                 Senior Executive (ITIL & Six sigma certified)

                                                      

Role: Senior Executive in Resource management group 

Duration: Aug’22 to Feb’26



Tracking bench status and implement Bench management strategies to optimize resource allocation.

Monitor resource utilization and identify opportunities for improvement by mapping resource skill inventory and planning training basis skill gaps. Facilitating job rotation and IJP fulfillment.

Tracking & reporting bench aging & open demand ageing. Prioritization for resource with high bench ageing.

Coordinate with department leads to ensure adequate resource availability for projects and tasks. 

Tracking and reporting stage of demand fulfilment from market.

Working on demand planning and maintaining demand tracker to ensure proper resource pipeline maintenance by aligning available resource from bench and projecting excess requirement to talent acquisition team. 

Close tracking of demand vs fulfilment to ensure any change in demand pipeline is consumed quickly by relevant teams.

Conduct regular demand sanity along with talent acquisition and delivery team to track resource usage, onboarding and demand fulfilment.

Analyze data and metrics(gross-margin, operational margin) to make informed decisions regarding resource allocation.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to align resource usage with organizational goal.

Manage allocation in Quest (tool for manpower tracking) and ensure proper cost of bench is projected to management.

Schedule RMG discussion with high bench ageing resource and set expectation and define next steps.

Provide recommendations for resource optimization and cost-saving initiatives.

Responsible for various MIS like demand tracker, resource allocation sheet, ramp down data, exit data, practice review data & forecasting data.





Rosenberger Electronics India PVT Ltd.        Asst. Manager Quality         Sep’17- Oct-19

Role:  Quality management for entire Plant Handling Cable Assembly

Customer: TATA Motors, FCA, John Deere, JCB, VW and Ford

Customer Relationship, MIS and Business monitoring

Customer Relationship management & request servicing. 

Preparation and sharing of various MIS for Monitoring business performance, company health, product performance and machine calibration. Preparing presentation on actionable issues.

Managing vendor performance by monitoring different performance parameter like TAT, failure rate, order quantity, agreement status and vendor scorecard.

Management of all payouts to vendors and off- role employees. 

Supplier Technical Assurance

Coordinate with supplier for resolving quality issue by initiating corrective and preventive action.

Verifying documents at the Vendor end & helping the suppliers for preparing them.

Planning, carrying out process & system audits at vendor’s end and monitor their rejection trends.

Quality process control

Control, assurance and effective implementation of quality initiatives within the area of responsibility.

 Monitoring of Internal defect by using CAPA, Why-Why analysis, Pareto analysis.

New Product approval and implementation with all required document (PPAP and NPI)



M/s Yazaki India Pvt Ltd                             ASST. MANAGER                                 Nov’15- Aug’17 

Role:  Quality Assurance

Work Responsibilities:

Maintaining manufacturing line quality.

Product design implementation & verification of product as per design drawing.

Customer complain handling & internal line PPM.

Verify the Customer input for design & find out the gap between design drawing & Actual Harness. Resolution of gap to meet customer satisfaction.



M/s Motherson Sumi System Ltd.               Sr. Engineer                               Sep’10 to Oct’15

Role: Production in Charge

Work Responsibilities:

Schedule Adherence: Daily Monitoring of production targets as per customer requirements with specified quality and in a stipulated time as per the schedule received from PPC

Productivity Management: - Identification of wastes, wire mapping of harness, work distribution and line balancing of the assembly line in order to reduce the bottleneck points on the conveyor.

Training:  To provide trainings to new associates., Identification of need of trainings and planning training intervention.

ACADEMICS

Degree

Institute / University / Board

Year

%/CGPA

Master of Business Administration

SMU, Distance 

2013-15

B

B.Tech, Electronics Engg.

GIET, BPUT , Orrisa

2005-09

7.8

Class XII

Co-operative College, (Jharkhand Board)

2003-05

60%

Class X

 Jharkhand Board

2003-00

60%

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES/ACHIEVEMENTS/INTERESTS

Interested in reading business books and novels. 

Cooking and Gardening

PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENT

Six sigma certified.

Achieved “Q1” certification Best Supplier Award from our customer ‘FORD MOTOR’ within 2 years.

Won the 1st prize Quality Circle in ACIMA Competition.

Key performer in PIKA-PIKA audit in Motherson Sumi system Ltd.

        During the professional carrier, had undergone in technical training on the below key points.

Certified internal Auditee for ISO 9001 and IATF 16949.

Certified internal Auditee for EMS OHSAS.

MSA (Measurement System Analysis). & FMEA (Failure mode effect Analysis)

7QC tool & Modern Japanese techniques like Kaizen, JIT, POKA-YOKE.





