Electrical Engineer.
Email Id:
allam.tesla@gmail.com Objective:
Painting, Strip Covering, etc.
other Type Tests as per IS/IEC at 3rd Party Laboratory like CPRI/ERDA.
To develop new vendors through assessment.
CURRICULUM VITAE MOHAMMED SARFARAZ ALLAM
A self-motivated person who believes in growth and is very open to new ideas. I am looking for a place
where my skills and expertise are being fully utilized and prove to be an asset to the organization.
Experience Summary:
07 Year experience as a Deputy Quality Manager at M/s Tesla Transformers (Global) Pvt. Ltd.
03 years experience as a Project Engineer at M/s Tesla Transformers Ltd.
Quality Deputy Manager Roles & Responsibilities
To ensure the quality of conformance through planning, establishing systems, taking CAPA, and following
principles of QC in Incoming/In-process/ Final Inspections and Tests. To organize planned systematic actions
necessary for meeting the requirements of quality of product service and their compliance.
To carry out inspection at receiving, in process, the final stage, and maintain the record.
Carry Out Physical inspection of Core, Winding, CCA, Tanking, CRGO Slitting, Fabrication,
To implement the Documents System in the Quality Control and Testing Department.
To Plan and Implement Incoming/In-Process/Final Inspection.
To prepare QAP and other Quality-related Docs.
Organize Testing as per the QAP.
Planning and Conducting Transformer for Dynamic Short Circuit, Impulse, High voltage, and
Responsibilities of ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018, ISO/IEC 17025:2017
To Liason with Quality Control/inspection authority.
To monitor the Implementation of CA and PA.
Internal and Certification/Surveillance audit.
To identify NC and take Corrective/Preventive Action by analyzing measured/recorded data for qualitative improvement of the process.
To maintain traceability of product with respect to testing samples and testing results.
To acquire identified measuring devices/ instruments and update QC/ inspection techniques.
To overview products at different stages and give feedback to the Director (M&P) for resolution
of nonconforming purchased products/products under manufacturing.
Brazing & Welding Sample preparation and testing as per ASME-IX
Authorized signatory for ISO/IEC 17025:2017 for PT/VT.
Responsibility for Dye Penetration Testing as per ASME-IX.

Power Plant, NTPC.
NTPC.
High Schoolth Career Counter:
like Project Experience:
33 KV Sub Station Erection, Commissioning and Testing under NTPC Koldam.
11 KV line Erection, Commissioning and Testing under Meja Thermal Power Plant, NTPC.
30 Meter High Mask Erection, Commissioning and Testing at Meja Thermal Power Plant, NTPC.
Street Light Erection, Commissioning and Testing at Meja Thermal Power Plant, NTPC.
HT & LT Switch Gear Installation, Commissioning at Testing at Meja Thermal Power Plant, NTPC.
HT & LT and Control cable laying, installation, commissioning and Testing at Meja Thermal
Transformers Erection, Commissioning and Testing at Meja Thermal Power Plant, NTPC.
Construction of 07 No. Substation and HT switch gear building at Meja Thermal Power Plant,
Project Roles & Responsibilities:
Taking Work Measurements along with the NTPC Executive at the site.
Allocating work as per construction planning and Handling Man-Power at the site.
Coordinating with vendor and Inspection agency.
Reviewing Electrical, Civil, and Mechanical Drawings and Standard/Instruction etc.
Performing Quality inspection according to approved MQP.
Doing safety assessment before execution of work.
Training of Employees for ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018, etc.
Liaising of payment and approvals.
Preparation of Construction Planning as per CPM and PERT.
Experience in plate & piping-related drawings and well-familiar with codes and standards like ASME standards.
Professional and Educational Qualification:
B.E. (Electrical and Electronics) From Corporate Institute of Science & Technology, Bhopal
(M.P) affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya with 68 %.
High Secondary
from Satyam Convent H.Sec. School, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh Board, Bhopal,
) Rana Pratap H.Sec. School, Madhya Pradesh Board, Bhopal, M.P in 2006.
At present, I am working with
Tesla Transformers (Global) Pvt. Ltd., Bhopalas a Sr. Quality
Executive. I am involve in the Power & Distribution Transformer Manufacturing Processes including
CRGO Stacking, Coil Winding, CCA, Incoming Inspection, In-Process Inspection, Final Inspection,
Vendor Evaluation, and RCA, apart from these activities I am also involve in the Fabrication Processes
Mechanical Testing, Surface Preparation, Painting, and Powder Coating.
Software Skills:
1. Familiar with MS Office like Word, Excel, Power Point Presentations, and Internet Surfing.

Strength:
Good Communication skills.
Open-minded, like to accept any challenge with ”Can Do” attitude
Optimistic approach during difficult situations.
The ability to adapt quickly to changes helps me to face unexpected situations easily.
Speak Read Write English Hindi Urdu Passport No.
Date of issue Father Name
: Mohammed Anwar Date of Birthth Gender
: Male Nationality
: Indian Permanent add. :
EXTRA DETAILS Notice period : 30 days Current salary : 6LPA
Preferred location : Anywhere in the world.
Declaration:
Place: Signature Date: (
Mohammed Sarfaraz Allam
Highly motivated, self-innovative, and result-oriented
Can work as a team member and also independently with balanced efficiency.
Quick grasping power and learning capabilities.
Language Known:
Language Passport Details:
Date of expiry : 20/03/2026 Personal Details Marital status : Married
200, C-Sector, Rajeev Colony, Karond, Bhopal-462038, M.P.
I hereby declare that the details provided by me in this resume are correct and I have knowingly not
omitted/ misrepresented any information. I am aware that the company can use this data for verification
purposes and any material inconsistency identified between the details shared above versus actual
information would have a bearing on my employment, based upon company policies.