SKILLS
Proficient in Project Management, Site Management and good understanding and
Expertise in Planning, Scheduling, Costing, and Project Controls & Execution of large
Mob: +91- 9893348672 Email: jainankur1985@gmail.com

ANKUR JAIN
Professional Profile:
A competent professional with 18 Years of experience in Industry, infrastructure
encompass- ing a wide range of skill set.
coordination skills for all smooth functioning of overall operations.
civil con- struction projects include steel plant, textile mill, Pharma plant,
Automobile, water supply projects, Infrastructure projects.

Expertise in coordinating with contractors, Clients and Project Managers for
achieving the goals on given timelines.

Experience in Annual maintenance work, Statistical analysis of concrete and Quality
control.

Extensive hands on the Project Management skills -

Handling project activities involving working out various requirements with
respect to utili- ties, aesthetics & monitoring overall project operations for
ensuring timely completion.

Liaising with the consultant’s/project managers for resolving design-related issues
and trou- bles on site. Designing building as per requirements keeping in mind the
by-laws, feasibility with respect to various building services, cost factor with
emphasis on aesthetics part.

Checking specifications, bill of items in consultation with the contractors.

Administering the construction of projects as per plans/drawings, budgets &
time con- strains.

Skillful at testing of material, checking of work, study of drawings, monitoring and
analyzing of physical problem

To conduct Periodical meeting with contractor and their staff to maintain the safe
working environment at site.

Strong team orientation, leadership qualities, hardworking, Customer Oriented
attitude and Effective communicator with good interpersonal skills being a smooth
team player.

Skillful in addressing new business requirements and supporting day-to-day
activities re- lated
Educational Qualifications
Degree Board/University
Academic
Year
Percent-
age/CGPA
(%)
Name of School/College
B.Tech. MANIT, BHOPAL 2004-
2008
7.0 CGPA
Maulana Azad National in- stitute Of Technology, Bhopal
12
th

MP BOARD, BHOPAL 2002 78.2% MP Board
10
th

MP BOARD, BHOAPL 2000 75 % MP Board

Tools AUTO CAD 2016, MSP 2025
Languages English, Hindi
Business-Reporting
Tools
MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint, MSP




2









CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

Sijcon Design and Engg Pvt Ltd Project Manager
Since April 2025 to till date
Navrangpura ,25 Raopura society, memnagar Ahemdabad.

Execution, supervision and monitoring of entire project activities, Master Planning, Estimate and Tenders, Bid process
management, Certification and verification of all RA bills of all contractors; Preparation of change orders and variation
statement; preparation of Daily/weekly/ Monthly –material & resources planning and progress reports; Monitoring con-
struction Progress and resource availability; Calculation of quantities based on drawings; Material reconciliation and
co-ordination with different contractors/consultant. handling all civil Mechanical, electrical, f ire protection Contractor.
Preparation of tender document, checking, negotiation and awarding the contract, Checked the running of account bills
during construction as per tender quantity.Handled structural steel work, checking of bar bending schedules, form work
& quality for concrete & material.Liaisoning with supplier, consultant & contractors.Mentored a team of 6 engineers.




Jindal Polyfilms PVT LTD Clients ( Senior Manager) Since April 2022 to Dec 2024

The project is an industrial plant (,BOPP ) , ETP , STP and residential complex with all aspects of industry safety are
taken into the consideration.CP building , other building has a height of 15 meters RCC slab at 6 M & is covered by
precoated sheet with pre engineering’s building, storage silos, coal fired heater with 132 kva foundation. And resi-
dential complex of G+3 with road drain, water supply and sanitary system, the project is an industrial and residen-
tial type,


Tata Consultant engineering Ltd Consultant Project (Civil) since Oct’2017 to April 2022
Water supply scheme project Sarni District Betul (MP)

Site inspection for civil construction work and ensure that the work is asPer the project specification. Execution, super-
vision and monitoring of entire project activities, Master Planning, Estimate and Certification and verification of all RA
bills of contractors; Preparation of change orders and variation statement; preparation of Daily/weekly/ Monthly – pro-
gress reports; Monitoring construction Progress and resource availability; Calculation of quantities based on drawings;
Material reconciliation and co-ordination with different contractors/consultant.Coardination with public issues, Liaison-
ing NOC Process f rom Govt Deptlike forest ,road,railway etc,Coardination with client and contractor, checking all test-
ing at all level & other document,


Sijcon Consultant Pvt Ltd Senior Engg (Civil) Since Sep2011 to OCT 2017
Navrangpura ,25 Raopura society, memnagar Ahemdabad.

Execution, supervision and monitoring of entire project activities, Master Planning, Estimate and Tenders, Bid process
management, Certification and verification of all RA bills of all contractors; Preparation of change orders and variation
statement; preparation of Daily/weekly/ Monthly –material & resources planning and progress reports; Monitoring con-
struction Progress and resource availability; Calculation of quantities based on drawings; Material reconciliation and
co-ordination with different contractors/consultant. handling all civil Mechanical, electrical, f ire protection Contractor.
Preparation of tender document, checking, negotiation and awarding the contract, Checked the running of account bills
during construction as per tender quantity.Handled structural steel work, checking of bar bending schedules, form work
& quality for concrete & material.Liaisoning with supplier, consultant & contractors.Mentored a team of 6 engineers.

Gannon dunkerley & Co.Ltd. Astt Engg (Civil) Since July 2008 to
Sep 2011
B228, Pocket A, Okhla phase 1,okhla inbdustrial area, New Delhi.

Execution, supervision and monitoring of project activities, Master planning, preparation of BOQ, verification of all
bills of all contractors; preparation of Daily/weekly/ Monthly -progress reports; Monitoring construction Progress and
resource availability; Calculation of quantities based on drawings; Material reconciliation and co-ordination with differ-
ent contractors/consultant. Mentored a team of 2 engineers and 5 Supervisor.
Handling civil sub-Contractor.

3














KEY PROJECTS HANDLED

Project under Sijcon Design and Engg Pvt Ltd


Title : DTY SHED EXPENSION ,HIMMATNAGR Gujrat
Duration
: Since April 2025 to till date
The project is an industrial plant with all aspect of industry safety being considered.
This is DTY M/c shed of 4000 sqm area and road work, Project cost is 5 cr.


Project under Jindal polyfilms PVT LTD
Title : BOPP,BOPET,CAPACITOR (Film Projects)
Duration : Since April 2022 to Dec 2024
Main Plant,Foundation,Cable Trench,M/c Foundation Extruder, MDO,TDO,Mettarlargy,slitter water tank ,drainage,
Boundary wall , 66 KVA switchyard ,Road ,Sylo Foundation ,TFH building, Quality lab, Erema ,Septic Tank
G+2 Colony, ETc
Budget,BOQ,Supervision,Quality test, Progress Report,contractor handling,consultant meet-
ing etc
Project under Tata consultancy and Engineering Ltd

Title : M/S Madhya Pradesh Urban development corporation (water supply Project)
Duration : Since Oct’2017 to April 2022

OHT 1500 kl -3nos, OHT 1000 KL -2nos,WTP -20 MLD , intake well 23 MLD, Pump hose 2nos ,220 HP,2 Nos Substa-
tion400 KW ,25 KM DI K9 (500 mm to 150 mm) & K7 pipe line , sluice,air& non return valve & 160 KM Distribution
HDPE Pipe line(75 mm to 350 mm),RCC Road ,Project Cost -110 crores.


Project under Sijcon consultant Pvt Ltd


Title : OHC Expanssion ,P&G Gujrat
Duration : Since Nov’2016 to Oct 2017
The project is an industrial plant with all aspect of industry safety being considered.
This is Office building with all f inishing items (G+3) Area, Road, Boundary Wall, Drainage system. Project cost 5 Cr.
This is Time Limit Project.



Title : Suzuki Motors Gujrat (Automobile),Bahuchara ji ,Mehsana,Gujrat
Duration : Since Oct’2015 to Nov’2016

The project is an industrial plant with all aspect of industry safety being considered. The buildings contain huge ma-
chine foundation, LT panel rooms, RCC road, Substation, Assembly shop, Bumper shop, Paint Shop ,Weld Shop ,Pit,
column,Office building, Canteen, overhead tank , water pipe line etc.

Title : Trident Group Budni Hoshangabad (Textiles & weaving unit)
Duration : Since July’2014 to Sep’2015

The project is an industrial plant with all aspect of industry safety being considered. The buildings contain huge ma-
chine foundation, LT panel rooms, RCC road, Substation, Textile unit, Sub Station , Chimney foundation , Water tank
Foundation, Blow Room Prepatory Area, Finishing Area, Road, Boundary Wall, Drainage system. Project cost 200 Cr.
Title : Arvind OG Mills,Arvind Mills, kharati,Dholka Gujrat

4

This project is an industrial plant with all aspects of industry safety being considered. The design involved construction ofeach building having
height about 4 & 7 meters and covered with RCC slab. Column has brackets to support PEB structure. The building contained huge machine
foundation, LT panel rooms, air washers & air handling units & road etc. BlowRoom ,Card Room ,Prepatory, Ring Frame ,Packing , RA
Trenches, cable Trenches, Substation, Restrength- ing old building, Sewage line, Pump House,Main gate,Godown, weighing M/c Foundation
Project Cost is 60 Cr.
Project under Gannon Dunkerley Co & Ltd
Title : MLSM (mild and light section mill) Jindal Plant, Raigarh(CG) Duration
: July 2008
to Sep’ 2011

This project is a steel industrial plant, and all aspect of industry safety is taken into the consideration. Execution of Fur- nace, Pedestal, Bolt and
Pocket Fixing, slab with 7M Height Chimney 12 M Foundation, Office building, Foundation for Structure column etc. This total Project Cost 300 Cr.
PLACE/DATE:
ANKUR JAIN
































Permanent Addres

Date Of Birth
:

:
393,Mohangarh Distt
Tikamgarh(MP)
10/08/1985

Software

Language Known:
:
MS Office,MS Project,Autocad

Hindi,English